messi is he definitely the best
player of all time is waiting for you at
32 let it start
what do you think of two messi
beats there we are under the influence of emotion
of yesterday we want to answer yes and this
that he does is amazing not just
yesterday for so many seasons he
missing a little thing no it is missing
the national team he misses that messi
led his team by being the leader
up to a victory and even be it
the leader of the argentine team this
that he has never really been so that's
the only small shadow on the board
otherwise as a club player it's
maybe the biggest club player
Of the history
and you johnny it's always
difficult to compare messi with the
great elders who were in the
soccer
personally I chose for example
if they play who I 'm going to play or who
I played that is to say maradona
zidane platini ronaldo ronaldinho and
zico are the scissors that I knew that
I never could get to their
level
all stay they have characteristics
who messi
ah if you j if all chose the six but
if he does everything before
that is the ball-foot technique
the elegance class is 10.6 yves
but to say that it is outdated for
is for me the east coast for the time
she was world champion 58 and
had it season he won 1.62 after
even though he did not play much he was
injured 70 at the end of the career was
very decisive man donkey three small
world champions over ten thousand
goals well what was it another
time
I have eleven by whom I could consider
that he passed pollet but I'm sure
that is beside the Pelley is
devoured other than I said he's in
this dynasty he is in this line
of these big ones because we put we can
not be insensitive when you see game
but if we can be admirers we
can that dock but we can only
ask what Tunisian bigger than
every time you read it I say yes because
that he does extraordinary things
he's in a year in a show where
it starts where we do not see it and then
all of a sudden he'll take her out
it's what he has in him ie
something that makes others
do not have something that makes 5h a
little flat it is evolving at a
oc where the great artists are more
protected than at the time when you see it
the police images that could
pick up in an honest platini husband
so gives the artists can a little
more express myself so I find that there
had a little more merit but at
marne honor for the other side she is
just for the other side it's true
that they're a pop sound protect us
but the Hungarian tanks reacted
birthdays are beefier they
are more an x is addict must reacted
much faster
yes so it's always difficult to
compare times
that there I can tell you one thing it
is that it's been 4 5 years 6 years the
golden balloons he takes them one by one they
dominate he he eliminates he is he is
easy and fast for the dead abutments
stats stats at bus level ago
there's no photo that we all agree
I have 77 goals in the Champions League
there is no picture but actually there
it's equality on a lack
he is obliged because all the others
great players that we quoted for
the moment they were able to
transform an average team is from the
save time at a time
inevitably water regularly johnny
still
and that's not it's not
really a small selection what a
World Cup you come
today it's different early
a moment that you are so tired you
prepared not just for the cup of
world before you could prepare yourself
just for the world cup it's
true that they give it is the one who has
given the title but last in large
final
maybe who if they do not mark the
two goals that spoke not so much so so
for me esteem so does the wii fit
side of the champions league matches the
final ladies he chained the
performances
is not another day that I saw a pack
which is better than the policy erice
not what you think when you take
a messi selection is true
wait for it we wait impatiently but
obviously it's true that when he
was playing at the barca he's playing in a
collective in which he
knows they perfectly
know perfectly well and I have
the impression when you quote me peeled
zidane cruijff all and maradona
they have always been in his selections
hyper well the isolated company they are
past he was in the good
generations in the fighting years
barefoot
judgment is something a little
unfair too to say but if messi messi
because he marked the end why
because barça used to bayer us and
it's a match of such intensity that
it's no coincidence that this is the last
quarter of an hour that does not switch
so it's not but if all alone even if
they are exploits they benefit
collective work but if another
problem as well judged that Eric is going to be
sensitive to this argument is messi we have
the impression of a flat encephalogram
that is, there is no roughness
but if it's not a championship cari
because so expensive materials with 200
players in the story of the blow that's going me
also miss him yes I think even
if the bayer of course iso teoz is at the
time not and turned a little balloon
for me the match up to first goal the
had discarded galls the bayer did
a good match for me until the first
goal but scoring the first goal that's
not much is not easy that goal
we think it's easy because we
is used to watching he puts the
ball just to the place that the keeper
to be able to touch him one is
completely we had been countered
sigean a quick and 2003 yeah that's
not his good foot
yeah but in the second he does everything
he has a way in the gestures in the
technique in sedition ruiz in the
united nations that I had the opportunity
when I was betis coach
to go to barcelona
I put a right-handed man because he is
in this last him how can we
stop but if you luis has led you
against him what he said to see the
wake up game you can put any
which system in place
it's impossible to stop why
because he's smart he's smart
he knows how to move
he knows how to flee the mark he knows
help his partners exactly he
happens to be in teeth in
positions in islands happens
always to surprise those waters where we
do not expect him he is capable at the moment
where he gets there he has a length
advanced was not very talkative about this
what did jean louis say me you i hear
Cruijff has one will immediately
I hear peeled there is an aura I hear
even maradona boat a character
amazing tempting but if you are
admiring of what he does but you do
you want to spend a day with
but otherwise, but it's a joke
just now said
beautiful had the choice between
meetings and neymar or touched ten thousand
dollars she took naïma they offered me
to meet but if I do not know I
I'm not sure it's not a guy I have
really want to hang out is because
that he's shy he's reserved I know
he thinks that only one thing I
think what he does to him what he
love it's the game it's football
it's getting together
that's where he wants to express
something is its green rectangle
these assets have remarkably well